They are cleaned up as good as possible to avoid having hundreds of folders. I ordered it in order of Epoch in the way EE orders it in the Scenario Editor when you choose "Epoch" in terms of sorting the unit list. Any "unknown" epochs for units are the ones that are listed as being in epoch 1 or other illogical epochs that don't quite fit there! For example the Command Unit, A MECH is listed as in Epoch 1! IF I put anything in the "Age is 'unknown' or 'undefined'" folder and it does NOT go there aka EE actually ordered it CORRECTLY, somehow... Then do inform me straight away and I will update my file orderings, or if you're lazy, just do it to the copy you downloaded and don't tell me haha! DO REALIZE I AM NOT ordering these files as they are in REAL HUMAN HISTORY. Only the way EE orders it ok?

Also, you may be wondering "Why is House - Prehistoric listed as Age is 'unknown' or 'undefined'?" That is simple, if you check the scenario editor, you will find a building in epoch one simply called "House". Notice how when selecting a citizen to build a house it is called "House" no matter what epoch you're in? EXACTLY. This "House" is normal because while advancing through epochs that updates itself but remains being called House. It never ever goes "House - Prehistoric" upgrade "House - Stone" upgrade "House - Copper" etc. These houses with the epoch names added to them are most likely for scenario stuffs however I have never played any of the scenarios so I wouldn't know.

It kinda sucks that there are two Missile Bases. One in WW2 and one in the Digital Age, they're both named the same. The one you use from the Civ Powers is the one from the Digital Age. HOWEVER, only the one from WW2 actually "evolves" in the same way that buildings do throughout epochs. I will try and make us use the WW2 one instead SOMEHOW! ;) Also, the Time Machine is listed as being in the Nano AND Space Age. I think the Space Age is more logical in terms of realism, so I listed it under buildings built in the Space Age, and the one from the Nano Age simply is not listed in my folders. Should avoid confusion because in game, both are the EXACT SAME. Same stats, sounds, size, EVERYTHING! Both are unsuable as well, but I will fix that someday as well, I am confident in myself! :D

Trust me, I don't order blindly or stupididly! Everything's order has it's reason!