'Add to Scenario Editor Tech Tree' Values = Ever have it when using triggers, for example the "Modify Tech Tree", that a unit isn't listed there despite being listed in the general "units" tab? (When you click on the horseman icon) Well these pics show where the value is located in hex that decides if it's "allowed" to be used in triggers or not. Change these highlighted values from "00" to "01" and you're done!

'Allow to build in scenario editor' = This will list the unit in the actual units & buildings & resources list thingy (When you click on the horseman icon). This is a critical value as some units *cough* *cough* Colony Ship *cough* *cough* will not be buildable in ANY WAY AT ALL unless this value is changed properly. Change this from "00" to "01" and BAM! Available in the scenario editor in that general "units" tab! Now you can select it and place it anywhere on the map and use it in game no problem. This value came in handy specifically for the "Colony Ship", why is denoted on EE Heaven, let's just say, it a unit that was not hidden, but refused to show itself easily...

'Scenario Editor only' Values = Simple as you can think. Change "00" to 01" to make this unit only buildable in the scenario editor and/or unavailable in random map games without triggers or manual activation beforehand. Change "01" to "00" to do the opposite aka make a unit buildable in random map games (like Riot Police, Standard Bearer, etc.). 95% of the units work flawlessly as long as their buttons are not covered by other units, but 5% of the units/buildings and what not may need extra hex work.

'Associate Technology Node' Values = Hard to explain, when you select a unit and hover over one of their stats and it gives you the option to upgrade, it shows you the increase gained and resource costs. Depending on what you set these hex values to, you may or may not get the message "No Technology Node Associated With This Object" and if you try to upgrade that unit, your game will crash. VERY GRIM these values! Be careful what you edit, I went 5 months without being able to upgrade the Catalina and never knowing WTF I did to it haha. 

'Allow Upgrades' Values = By all units unless stated otherwise in the screenshot, change this value from "00" to "01" to make upgrades cost one way or another, more than what it costs to build such a unit, for example the C-47 Cargo Plane, this makes the HP upgrade cost 200% of the resources of what it costs to build one. Change this value to "02" to make it like all other upgradeable units aka one way or another cost a lower percentage. For example the C-47 Cargo Plane again, thsi would make the HP upgrade cost 50% of what it'd cost to build a single C-47. The values from "03" - "0A" are nothing special, just rotating between the effects of changing it to "01" or "02". Basically you only need to know what changing it to "01" or "02" does! ;)

'Enable Attack Stat', 'Enable Laser Stat', 'Enable Missile Stat', etc. = You know how some units have stats that others don't? For example, the Command Unit has Range, and Furies doesn't. These named values simply highlight which number you should change to "01" to enable the stat, and to "00" to disable it. Enable/disable in terms of when you select a unit. This does NOT define the how big or small that stat's value is, nor if it is upgradeable or not. I haven't tried giving a melee unit range before, try it and see what happens hehe!

'Show Range' = Some units (most notable for me by the A-10 Anti-Tank & Golden Hind) are ranged units, yet do NOT show this stat when you select them. This means it is pretty difficult to know how far their range is, and this also makes it unupgradeable. Pics with these names mean that the Range stat is now visible if you change this value from "00" to "01".

'What terrain buildable on' = Find in "General & Uncategorized" folder (If you use Windows then press "Ctrl + F" to bring up the search bar and find it) a picture named "What terrain buildings can be on values (Teleporter example).jpg" and a text document to accompany it called "What terrain buildings can be on values.txt", combine that with the photo you found (With the 'What terrain buildable on') and you should be able to figure out what these photos mean.

'Graphics ID' = Change this value to change the entire model & texture setup of the specified unit. CAREFUL! Only "registered" values work. Only values that exits I mean! I would suggest only doing "simple" things to ensure the game doesn't crash, for example, replacing a buildable unit's graphics ID with one that is unbuildable, like the Pegasus Transport with the Colony Ship (I did this as a test and succeeded). All you have to do is change the graphic scale and all the other values accordingly. Just because you replaced a unit with another doesn't mean it is 100% the other one, you merely changed the model & texture combination, nothing else! ;)